docs: add standalone AI Gateway docs (#27592)
coder/coder: docs/ai-coder/ai-gateway/monitoring.md

Manage the `PodMonitor` separately or include it in the Helm release with `extraTemplates`.
To use a `ServiceMonitor`, create a separate Service that exposes the `metrics` container port because the chart's data-plane Service exposes only the HTTP traffic port.
Refer to the [Helm chart metrics configuration](../../../helm/ai-gateway/README.md#metrics) for the available chart settings.

### Health and readiness

A standalone AI Gateway exposes health endpoints on its data-plane listener:

| Endpoint   | Success condition                                                                             |
|------------|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| `/healthz` | The HTTP listener is serving.                                                                 |
| `/readyz`  | The control connection to `coderd` is active and provider configuration has been initialized. |

`/readyz` returns HTTP 503 until provider configuration is initialized and whenever the control connection to `coderd` is unavailable.

> `/healthz` only reports if the HTTP listener is up, it returns HTTP 200 even when the control connection is down.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A `200 OK` response from `/healthz` only means the HTTP listener is accepting connections. It returns `200 OK` even when the control connection is down.
```

| `Intercept.RecordPromptUsage`               | Recording prompt and message data                    |
| `Intercept.RecordTokenUsage`                | Recording token consumption                          |
| `Intercept.RecordToolUsage`                 | Recording tool and function calls                    |
| `Intercept.RecordModelThought`              | Recording model reasoning                            |
| `Intercept.RecordInterceptionEnded`         | Recording the interception as completed              |
| `Passthrough`                               | Forwarding a non-intercepted provider request        |
| `ServerProxyManager.Init`                   | Initializing MCP server proxy connections            |
| `StreamableHTTPServerProxy.Init`            | Setting up HTTP-based MCP server proxies             |
| `StreamableHTTPServerProxy.Init.fetchTools` | Fetching available tools from MCP servers            |

Example trace of an interception using a Jaeger backend:

![Trace of interception](../../images/aibridge/jaeger_interception_trace.png)

### Capture logs in traces

> [!NOTE]
> Enabling log capture may generate a large volume of trace events.

> Set `CODER_TRACE_LOGS=true` with tracing enabled to include log messages as trace events:

Reviewer: Do you also need `CODER_TRACE_ENABLE`?

Author: Agent found a bug that `CODER_TRACE_LOGS` is actually dead setting. Created issue regarding that.

I believe that yes, both options should be enabled. Or to be more precise 1 option that enables tracing + `CODER_TRACE_LOGS`.
Rephrased to make it more clear.
